"Your beautiful motivation of the bodhichitta, devotion, joy and appreciation for the strong
presence of the Bhadavajya Sattva, or fire right in front of you, and we are also each of us, and
in a state of the Bhadavajya Sattva, visualizing our Sattva people."
"Exactly the same as the manner of the three Vedyas always in the teaching set that we heard, and
that is our practice, not just saying that we have to actualize that. So, Vedyara bodhi, Vedyara p
ong, Vedyara song, Vedyara mind and space, that is what it is."
So, we kind of respect and ignite that qualities with joy, appreciation, courage, commitment, and
confidence, as well as a very strong bodhichitta. We are doing this practice for all living beings,
to everyone, to ourselves, to our family, those who are born on our side, those who are alive, and
to everyone.
And then also here, one of the Sangha ladies, said to the Vedic family, he asked her to pray for
her father. He asked for his name as Rashi Tharpo.
So, many of you know, but think of all those deceived persons. I mean, this bodhichitta has no
boundary, no territory, bodhichitta, true bodhichitta is pervasive, like this.
So, really, kind of trying to bring up those qualities, in which everyone is pretty familiar.
Whatever they are going through, troubles, sicknesses, getting old, dead, or having difficulties,
troubles with birth, or the consenting, all these things, whatever declines, not fulfilling the
wishes, and losing their hopes and goals, whatever they are going through, and for all that wishes,
in the context of the bodhichitta,
love, kindness, compassion, joy, and appreciation, non-volence, peaceful manner, in that state,
really wicked. That is what... So, please, re-stand them.
I mean, I've said it many times, the day before yesterday, and I'm talking today, and then you know
all this. It's not something that I'm talking new things that you don't know, so please, re-stand
them, that you re-stand them, that I try to re-stand those thoughts,
and then we do these practices.